
lists
 - no version number?
   - how do we do the locking for changes?
   - how do clients notice that there's an updated title?

list_members
 - no version numbers. I guess it's just a relation so it could be rolled
   into the list version. (if it had one)

items
 - text really limited to 4096 chars? Unnecessary limit.
 - soft-delete becomes hard-delete after 30 days, but... why? Let's keep them.

labels
 - no version number? How do we do locking and client updates?

item_labels
 - no version number, I guess it's just a relation so it could be rolled
   into the item version. Otherwise the client would have to poll for
   label assignment changes?

How do clients learn about new items and new lists? If they are supposed
to "list all items" and "list all lists" periodically, this should be stated
in the specs. Same for deletes, I guess?


Admin socket requires local root access, which means the admin and the
server root operator need to be the same person. In my experience server
admins can rarely be bothered to also be application-level admins. Also,
this would require frequent logins as root, which is always risky, e.g.
because mistakes can be made. We should consider other options, such as
a local non-root user or non-root Unix group. We could still work with
filesystem permissions as our security boundary, but would not require
root access.

"reset password" action should disable non-web logins until the password
has been changed. Using the admin-generated new password to initiate
an MCP or CLI session should not work. (unless these clients have a way
of enforcing an immediate password change before they provide any other
functionality)

How does logging with journald work? Does it require filesystem access?
Is it a unix socket with an FD passed to the application? Is it a local
network connection?  We want to lock down our services, so it's intereseting
to understand the mechanisms here.

Backup requires GPG key. Help the user create one. A script or a
howto, for example

I want non-backup admin operations to be possible via the web GUI. In
small orgs, not everyone knows how to work with a Unix shell, so we would
expect quite a bit of knowledge from, say, a secretary or volunteer
admin.

Initial certbot process uses port 80 because it is "assumed free". But
that seems optimistic to me. Small org often have multi-purpose servers.
We should consider other ways, but I'm not sure which ones. I don't know
LE very well. And while we are at it, I don't think we can assume port
443 to be free either. Maybe we should introduce a way to configure
another port and/or run behind apache or nginx? Also, what if there
is a cert for this server already? How does that work? Can we share
it? What do other Ubuntu packages do in this situation?


